{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh16220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Resum\'e9: Mitchell Hillman
\b0\fs24 \
User Experience Designer and Developer\
\

\b Contact Info
\b0 \
mitchellhillman@gmail.com\
(608) 322-9118\
675 Pewter Ct. Apt No. 105\
Charlottesville, VA\
22911\
\

\b Intro
\b0 \
I am a multi-talented designer and developer. My experience at several agencies have taught me a firm grasp design principles as well as good software development. 
\b \

\b0 \

\b\fs48 Skills
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b Education
\b0 \
B.S. Advertising and Public Relations, Liberty University\
Graduated 2011\
\

\b Technical Skills
\b0 \
Fluency in the Adobe Creative Suite\uc0\u8232 Advanced knowledge of HTML5, XHMTL\u8232 Advanced knowledge of SASS/COMPASS and LESS \
Comfortable in jQuery, calling APIs, AJAX and DOM Manipulation \
Working knowledge of PHP and Ruby\
Strong understanding of SEO development\uc0\u8232 Git based project workflow\
\

\b Talents
\b0 \
Very experienced in solving browser specific quirks \
Usability expert\uc0\u8232 Wireframing, User Paths and Project Planning Project Management\
Keen sense for typography\
\

\b Personality
\b0 \
Detail driven and efficient\uc0\u8232 Strong interpersonal communication skills \
Prioritize on execution, not process\
\

\b\fs48 Work Experience\

\b0\fs24 \

\b Freelance Design and Development
\b0 \
2006-present\
\

\b Interaction Designer and Developer\

\b0 Journey Group Inc\
May 2013 - present\
\

\b Front End Developer
\b0 \
Venveo\
Feb. 2012 - May 2013\
Zach Williams\
As a front end developer my main responsibility has been to connect theoretical designs with concrete development. Leveraging my strong background in design and a knack for code, I can capture the subtlety of good design and make it work in the blunt world of software. Furthermore, working with a close knit team of multi-talented individuals at Venveo means I haven\'92t just written code. I have designed whole apps, planned user paths, drawn wireframes and contributed to marketing plans for Venveo\'92s disparate clients.\
\

\b Graphic Designer
\b0 \
Schrader International\
July 2010 - June 2011\
\

\b Assistant to V.P. of Marketing
\b0 \
Catalyst Communications\
March 2008 - Jan. 2009\
David Simon\
\

\b Advertising Coordinator
\b0 \
Liberty University, Spiritual Programs\
Aug. 2009 - Jan. 2010\
Johnnie Moore\
\

\b Lead Designer\

\b0 Encompass One Marketing\
Oct. 2007 - Dec. 2009\
Carol Phillips\
\

\b\fs48 References
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \

\b Zack Bryant\

\b0 Digital Director, Journey Group \
(804) 317-9234\
\

\b Zach Williams\

\b0 Founder, Creative Director Venveo\
(919) 800-1484\
\

\b John Crowder
\b0 \
Marketing Manager, Schrader International\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28615%29%20496-7797"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 (615) 496-7797}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 David Jones
\b0 \
Marketing Coordinator, Schrader International\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28434%29%20947-4911"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 (434) 947-4911}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Johnnie Moore
\b0 \
Vice President for Communications (Liberty University)\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28434%29%20582-2000"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 (434) 582-2000}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Carol Phillips
\b0 ,\'a0Encompass One\'a0Principal (Currently Beautee Smarts)\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:carolphillips@beauteesmarts.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 carolphillips@beauteesmarts.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1%20%28760%29%20429-7772"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 1 (760) 429-7772}}
\f1\fs26 \
}